README.md, before:

# The-Nature-of-Code-Examples Python

This is the repository has Python implementations of [The Nature of Code Youtube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vX8wT1G798&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6aFlwukCmDf0-1-uSR7mklK). 

The Youtube playlist is based on The-Nature-of-Code book, whose website is [here](http://natureofcode.com/).  If you are looking for the book's raw content (text, illustrations, images, CSS, etc.), have a look at [The Nature of Code repo](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code).

The original [Processing](http://processing.org) examples [can be found here](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code-Examples), along with a [list of other ports](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code-Examples/blob/master/README.md).

This port is made possible by [PyP5](https://github.com/p5py/p5).

## Note
- Pycharm shows syntax error for variables like 'width', 'height', etc. But they can be used as is. They are defined in 'bulletin' module(?) in Github_p5\p5\sketch\userspace.py

## Disclaimer
Author (yogeshkulkarni@yahoo.com) gives no guarantee of the results of the program. It is just a fun script. Lot of improvements are still to be made. So, don’t depend on it at all.

Commit message:

feat: Add detailed setup and file guide documentation, updating README to link them.

README.md, after:

# The-Nature-of-Code-Examples Python

This is the repository has Python implementations of [The Nature of Code Youtube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vX8wT1G798&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6aFlwukCmDf0-1-uSR7mklK). 

The Youtube playlist is based on The-Nature-of-Code book, whose website is [here](http://natureofcode.com/).  If you are looking for the book's raw content (text, illustrations, images, CSS, etc.), have a look at [The Nature of Code repo](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code).

The original [Processing](http://processing.org) examples [can be found here](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code-Examples), along with a [list of other ports](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code-Examples/blob/master/README.md).

This port is made possible by [PyP5](https://github.com/p5py/p5).

## Installation and Running
Please see [SETUP_AND_RUN.md](SETUP_AND_RUN.md) for detailed instructions on how to set up the environment and run the examples.

## Available Examples
See [FILE_GUIDE.md](FILE_GUIDE.md) for a complete list of examples and what they demonstrate.


## Note
- Pycharm shows syntax error for variables like 'width', 'height', etc. But they can be used as is. They are defined in 'bulletin' module(?) in Github_p5\p5\sketch\userspace.py

## Disclaimer
Author (yogeshkulkarni@yahoo.com) gives no guarantee of the results of the program. It is just a fun script. Lot of improvements are still to be made. So, don’t depend on it at all.
